recommand sourcing bashrc in contributor's guide (#28)
creatis-myriad/creatis-myriad.github.io: how-to-contribute.md

# rbenv-installer takes care of also installing ruby-build if `rbenv install` is not already available
curl -fsSL https://github.com/rbenv/rbenv-installer/raw/HEAD/bin/rbenv-installer | bash

> # Add rbenv to your bashrc (and source it) to make it visible to your system each time you restart your machine (and now)

Author: All good, it's clearer !

echo 'export PATH="$HOME/.rbenv/bin:$PATH"' >> ~/.bashrc
echo 'eval "$(rbenv init -)"' >> ~/.bashrc

> # source your bashrc to make it visible to your system now

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# source your bashrc to make it visible to your current shell
```
